hello how are you all welcome to the
channel again today we want
teach her with sophie how to do these
funny little boats with a few simple
materials that we can get at home
It is a craft that can be done with
children in this case I want to use it
to teach my daughter
things that float and things that you know
they deepen and this is one of the
purposes that we will be using as
part of our arts class I hope
that you like it and if you try to do it
leave your photos on the facebook page
I leave you with the step by step
bye and for this cute little boat we are going to
be needing in the following
materials a pair of scissors in the keynes
Elastic Robert Bends as they call him
some toothpicks or paper toothpicks
It can be paper decorated white paper the
that you want corks corks
they can be what they are cylindrical shape
parejita or you can also use these from
these ways alternating the direction and
as last and this is optional a
little thread
and good to make these little boats
to need exactly this amount of
materials we take an elastic in
and we hold it this way if they have
a son who can work with elastic
Ines without this hitting the face can
ask him to make them and his son this
He passed
good
with the piola we are going to pass it here
and we are going to make a knot
and then drag it to the tip
in this way if they need to make a
double knot and if you can not leave it like this
as well
ready to take the toothpick and in the
bottom part not very on the shore what
we nail
we go down a little bit and talk to
back we nail on the other end either
not very on the shore and we introduce it
until then, we lower it so that
in this way
and we stuck it in the little cork in the middle
our little boat is ready with the
viola let's go through here
and we are going to make a knot
and then drag it to the tip
in this way if they need to make a
double knot and if you can not leave it like this
as well
ready to take the stick and in the
bottom part not very on the shore what
we nail
we go down a little bit and talk to
back and we nail in the other end
not too much in life and what
we introduce up there then this one what
we go down so that in this way
and we stuck it in the little cork in the middle
our little boat is ready
ah
it is easy or difficult step to follow
good to put it with the others
fleets
and the cork floats true
i
prepared ready brands already
cannes